Claude and Connector SDK experiment blog (#81)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: README.md

</p>

# Overview

> This repository contains a collection of example custom connectors using Fivetran [Connector SDK](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/connector-sdk), demonstrating how to build [custom data connectors](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/connector-sdk/setup-guide) in Python and deploy them as an extension of Fivetran. It also contains some guidance for [using AI to help create Connector SDK code](/ai_and_connector_sdk/README.md) quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains a collection of example custom connectors using Fivetran [Connector SDK](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/connector-sdk), demonstrating how to build [custom data connectors](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/connector-sdk/setup-guide) in Python and deploy them as an extension of Fivetran.

Additionally, this repository provides guidance on [using AI to help you code an SDK connector](/ai_and_connector_sdk/README.md) quickly.
```

> # Why Connector SDK?

Reviewer 2: There only can be H1 heading on a page.

Reviewer 3: https://fivetran.height.app/T-912821

</details>

# AI and Connector SDK

>  - **[Readme](/ai_and_connector_sdk/README.md)**

Reviewer 2: Can we not use nested bulleted lists and bold for items?
<img width="1033" alt="Screenshot 2025-03-25 at 01 44 02" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b2fdb46c-57af-41a6-90d2-b3da091fbade" />
Across the doc, I'd suggest using a bullet for each item, like

```
- [Readme](/ai_and_connector_sdk/README.md) - this is an introduction to using AI tools to leverage Connector SDK
```

Reviewer 3: https://fivetran.height.app/T-912821

>    - intro to using AI with Connector SDK

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   - Intro to using AI with Connector SDK
```

 - **[claude_20250228](/ai_and_connector_sdk/claude_20250228/)**

>    - code associated with a Feb 2025 blog that used Claude to create a custom connector using Connector SDK.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   - Code associated with a Feb 2025 blog that used Claude to create a custom connector using Connector SDK.
```

>    - Code associated with a Feb 2025 blog that used Claude to create a custom connector using Connector SDK.

Reviewer 3: @5tran-alexil I will create a follow-up ticket to fix the items https://fivetran.height.app/T-912821
